hi everyone here at the cooter booth the
CUDA brand calm
we have all kinds of great new products
launching in this year at ICAST Show
really excited them we have both a
freshwater swarmin and a saltwater
assortment all kinds of tools and said
show you in panel for all the tools but
we're gonna concentrate really on the
freshwater tools today we'll start off
on a really great beach here this is
incredible because it's got a great
scaling backend and backbone to it it's
German 4116 titanium passivated steel
and that passivation is something that's
really incredible because it allows our
knives these shears to withstand over
500 hours of corrosion resistance
through a salt spray or even immersion
at 200 degrees it's an amazing feat and
only could it brings you that kind of
corrosion resistance everything
concluded gives you a lifetime guarantee
so the baits here's our incredible with
the descaling it gives a bottle over so
you can have some cold beverages while
you're cleaning fish it also detaches
for easy cleaning in the dishwasher so
in addition to the sheers we also have a
full line of knives we have everything
from the salt water breaking knives and
serrated knives and even board knives to
lift your hands off the table but more
importantly we have the 6 inch and 4
inch fillet knife which are great for in
shore fishing our knives are incredible
with a German 41:16 titanium passivated
steel they have a full tang with a
polycarbonate handle so it's an
ungrateful handle and you can see the
titanium tank going right through the
handle so you know it's quality there
also included in an incredible way is
when you go to play
you push it down and they have a perfect
fit to the table so you get a perfect
play every time it's really great so all
of our knives have the titanium bonded
passivation they have a fifth tang the
polycarbonate handle and even the CUDA
grips are duplicated so all the water
can channel outside of the blood and the
guts and keep your handle nice and cool
and it's secure in your hand when you're
playing we also have something that's
really unique this is called AD Skinner
so long a did a long time ago everybody
would use their finger narrower
something to hold down the play and then
use the knife to pull the fillet from
the skin no longer so now you simply
just put this down on the table you can
hold it on a top position or in a middle
position you take your fillet knife you
simply just pull the play off so it's an
incredibly unique product it's a
worldwide patent pending and so we're
very excited about it we also have our
gripping way here the gripping way is
all a titanium alloy construction so
it's super lightweight it's adjustable
and you can sync up your exact way this
is a 50-pound
scale you can see here kilogram and in
pounds and again it's all aluminum with
possible nylon what's also great about
this is that both jaws open instead of
having one fix like a lot of the other
ones and so it's easier fix on on the
lip and then pulls right out and again
you get a 50
pound scale integrated into it the last
thing I'll show you which is really
great is we have two different
sharpeners once a pocket it gives you
three different types of scissors and
shears a serrated blade sharpener a
straightedge both and ceramic and
carbide it gives you all the T
screwdrivers to do all your rods and
reels even the flat head and it gives
you the long hook sharp no really
excellent in this one is a suction based
then you lock it into place and it has
the scissor and chair here and a knife
here and their magnetic plate holds of
shavings to the top of the sharp
movement really great products often
Buddha we course have pliers we have
snips and all kinds of other great
products and if you see them on looter
brand calm